README.md, before:

Overview
==========
This is a pipeline for the CEL-Seq method.
CEL-Seq is a HTS method published hashimshony et. al(2012), based on RNAseq. 
It typcially reads only the 3'UTR end of mRNA transcripts and is stranded.

The pipeline input is read files in FASTQ format, alongside a reference genome and annotation and outputs a read count.

Complete workflow
=================
To use the pipeline completely, you need to create a config file (use the
`config_file_example.txt` as an example). The config file tells the pipeline
what are the required actions on which files, and references the references.

The invocation is:

    pijpleiding config_file.txt

Useful scripts
==============
Two of the scripts are useful also without the complete pipeline.

bc_demultiplex
--------------
A CELSeq demultiplexer, to demultiplex the CELSeq barcodes. It also
saves UMI information with the reads.

htseq_count_umified
-------------------
An adapation of the `htseq_count` script from the `HTSeq` package,
to count each UMI only once,
based on the UMI information from `bc_demultiplex`.


Dependencies
==============
General: bowtie2, python2.7
Python packages: [HTSeq](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/HTSeq)

Orientation (local copy-YanaiLab)
===============
You are in one of three:  
* The full-repositories/work directory /data/tools/pipeline_dev  
      Houses dev and master and sub-branches 
* The dev directory /data/tools/pipeline_dev:
      Only has the stable development branch
* The stable directory /data/tools/pipeline_stable  
      Only houses the stable master branch

Synching across (local copy-YanaiLab)
===================
After done making changes at pipeline the stable/master branch;  
* Sync to github:  
        `cd /data/tools/pipeline`
        `git push origin master`  
* Sync to stable pipeline:  
        `cd /data/tools/pipeline_stable`  
        `git pull origin master`  
For updating changes at the dev branch;
* Sync to dev pipeline:
        `cd /data/tools/pipeline_dev`
        `git pull origin dev`

Commit message:

add umi and bc length to bc_demultiplex CLI interface

README.md, after:

Overview
==========
This is a pipeline for the CEL-Seq method.
CEL-Seq is a HTS method published hashimshony et. al(2012), based on RNAseq. 
It typcially reads only the 3'UTR end of mRNA transcripts and is stranded.

The pipeline input is read files in FASTQ format, alongside a reference genome and annotation and outputs a read count.

Complete workflow
=================
To use the pipeline completely, you need to create a config file (use the
`config_file_example.txt` as an example). The config file tells the pipeline
what are the required actions on which files, and references the references.

The invocation is:

    pijpleiding config_file.txt

Useful scripts
==============
Two of the scripts are useful also without the complete pipeline.

bc_demultiplex
--------------
A CELSeq demultiplexer, to demultiplex the CELSeq barcodes. It also
saves UMI information with the reads.

Use `bc_demultiplex --help` to understand the input format.

htseq_count_umified
-------------------
An adapation of the `htseq_count` script from the `HTSeq` package,
to count each UMI only once,
based on the UMI information from `bc_demultiplex`.


Dependencies
==============
General: bowtie2, python2.7
Python packages: [HTSeq](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/HTSeq)

Orientation (local copy-YanaiLab)
===============
You are in one of three:  
* The full-repositories/work directory /data/tools/pipeline_dev  
      Houses dev and master and sub-branches 
* The dev directory /data/tools/pipeline_dev:
      Only has the stable development branch
* The stable directory /data/tools/pipeline_stable  
      Only houses the stable master branch

Synching across (local copy-YanaiLab)
===================
After done making changes at pipeline the stable/master branch;  
* Sync to github:  
        `cd /data/tools/pipeline`
        `git push origin master`  
* Sync to stable pipeline:  
        `cd /data/tools/pipeline_stable`  
        `git pull origin master`  
For updating changes at the dev branch;
* Sync to dev pipeline:
        `cd /data/tools/pipeline_dev`
        `git pull origin dev`
